README.md, before:

# .dotfiles

A repository to store my dotfiles and associated configuration. MIT Licensed.

## Install

```sh
git clone git@github.com:amberstarlight/.dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles
cd ~/.dotfiles
bin/sync-dotfiles
```

> **Note**
> Darwin systems need [`homebrew`](https://brew.sh/).

## Programs

To get the best/full functionality out of my dotfiles, you'll need the following
programs. They are most likely available in your package manager, if not already
installed on your system. If you're using a Darwin (macOS) system, install a
package manager first, then update your copy of bash to a version made in the
current decade. If you're using Windows, install Linux instead. Alternatively,
you're on your own.

| Use case          | Program                                        |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| Shell             | [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)     |
| Text editing      | [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/)             |
| Dotfile linking   | [GNU Stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/) |
| Backups           | [Borg](https://www.borgbackup.org/)            |

## Update

As `~/.dotfiles/bin` is added to `PATH`, you can run `sync-dotfiles` from anywhere
to pull changes from `main`. After that, you'll need to run `exec bash` to force
bash to reload config.

Commit message:

Change theme again because decisions are hard

README.md, after:

# .dotfiles

A repository to store my dotfiles and associated configuration. MIT Licensed.

## Install

```sh
git clone git@github.com:amberstarlight/.dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles
cd ~/.dotfiles
bin/sync-dotfiles
```

> **Note**
> Darwin systems need [`homebrew`](https://brew.sh/).

## Programs

To get the best/full functionality out of my dotfiles, you'll need the following
programs. They are most likely available in your package manager, if not already
installed on your system. If you're using a Darwin (macOS) system, install a
package manager first, then update your copy of bash to a version made in the
current decade. If you're using Windows, install Linux instead. Alternatively,
you're on your own.

| Use case          | Program                                        |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| Shell             | [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)     |
| Text editing      | [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/)             |
| Dotfile linking   | [GNU Stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/) |
| Backups           | [Borg](https://www.borgbackup.org/)            |

### Terminal theming

For the best experience, set your terminal theme to `solarized_dark`.

## Update

As `~/.dotfiles/bin` is added to `PATH`, you can run `sync-dotfiles` from anywhere
to pull changes from `main`. After that, you'll need to run `exec bash` to force
bash to reload config.
